# File Structure

Nearly all of the files you'll be using will be located in the `wp-content/themes/help` folder. For the remainder of this page, I'll be referring to this folder as `$help` for convenience. The one other file to make note of is the `wp-config.php` file which is standard to all wordpress websites.

### `wp-config.php`

Here's where you'll setup the configuration for the wordpress website. For the most part, everything in here is the same as the default configuration.

The exception being that you will notice a few variables prefixed with `STAGING_` and `PROD_`. These are for deploying the website. Refer to the [deploy page](deploy.md) for more information.

The other variables you'll notice are `SITE_ID_CURRENT_SITE` and `BLOG_ID_CURRENT_SITE`. Do not worry about changing these. `SITE_ID_CURRENT_SITE` tells wordpress that we want to use the group of sites with the id of 1. `BLOG_ID_CURRENT_SITE` tells wordpress which blog (or website) is the primary blog in the network. Leave this as 4 as this is the landing page. You can read more about networks [here](http://codex.wordpress.org/Create_A_Network).

### `$theme`

In the root of the theme, you will find many files that are standard in all wordpress themes. Here is a short descriptions of the files you'll find:

* `page.php` - Default PHP page for a wordpress page if no template is selected.
* `functions.php` -
* `header.php` - Displays all of the `<head>` section (styles and meta tags) and everything up to the `<div id="content">`. It also contructs the menu side bar accordion that is present on every page.
* `footer.php` - As the name suggests, this is responsible for rendering the footer at the bottom of the page. It includes the UNHCR Innovation logo and the language selection dropdown.
* `search.php` -
* `send_email.php` -
* `index.php` -
* `style.css` - This is a required file for every wordpress theme. For help.unhcr.org, it's is autogenerated based on the `style.scss` file.

### `$theme/js`

All the javascript files included in the project are found in this folder. Please read the page on [javascript](javascript.md) to learn more.

### `$theme/css`

All the css files included in the project are found in this folder. Please read the page on [CSS](css.md) to learn more.

### `$theme/scss`

All the scss files are compiled into the `style.css` file. Learn more at [CSS](css.md).

### `$theme/images`

Images for the theme that are not uploads are found here.

### `$theme/page-templates`

The page templates for a wordpress page are found here.

### `$theme/bootstrap`

The bootstrap javascript and css can be found in this folder.

### `$theme/font-awesome`

The icons and files for font-awesome can be found in this folder.

### `$theme/languages`
